feat(ButtonIcon): Creating new ButtonIcon component + doc (#3621)
Talend/ui: packages/design-system/MIGRATING.md

# Migrating from 1.x to 2.x

> We've overhauled a lot of component APIs and removed our dependancy to Styled Components. Here's what's new:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've overhauled a lot of component APIs and removed our dependency on Styled Components. Here's what's new:
```
